Files/Student Info Pages/Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl).md, before:

# Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl).png" title="Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl) - Retsuko and Arbiter1223, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0013**

First Name: Orangu

Last Name: Ando

Description: A very sweet, orange catgirl

Author: Retsuko and Arbiter1223

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ando%2C%20Orangu%20(A%20very%20sweet%2C%20orange%20catgirl)%20-%20Retsuko%20and%20Arbiter1223%2C%20V0.53.student">Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl) - Retsuko and Arbiter1223, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).md"> Jennyafur - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl).md, after:

# Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl).png" title="Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl) - Retsuko and Arbiter1223, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0013**

First Name: Orangu

Last Name: Ando

Description: A very sweet, orange catgirl

Author: Retsuko and Arbiter1223

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 6/6/2018

Created in version: V0.25

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ando%2C%20Orangu%20(A%20very%20sweet%2C%20orange%20catgirl)%20-%20Retsuko%20and%20Arbiter1223%2C%20V0.53.student">Ando, Orangu (A very sweet, orange catgirl) - Retsuko and Arbiter1223, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Nyanako, Jennyafur (A cheerful blonde neko girl).md"> Jennyafur - Best friend</a>
