Files/Student Info Pages/Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother).md, before:

# Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother).png" title="Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother) - Takumi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0319**

First Name: Hideyoshi

Last Name: Arakida

Description: Kana's meaner, older brother

Author: Takumi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Arakida%2C%20Hideyoshi%20(Kana's%20meaner%2C%20older%20brother)%20-%20Takumi%2C%20V0.53.student">Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother) - Takumi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother) - Takumi, V0.53"></a><a href="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).md"> Kana - Brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother).md, after:

# Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother).png" title="Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother) - Takumi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0319**

First Name: Hideyoshi

Last Name: Arakida

Description: Kana's meaner, older brother

Author: Takumi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/30/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Arakida%2C%20Hideyoshi%20(Kana's%20meaner%2C%20older%20brother)%20-%20Takumi%2C%20V0.53.student">Arakida, Hideyoshi (Kana's meaner, older brother) - Takumi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother) - Takumi, V0.53"></a><a href="Arakida, Kana (Hideyoshi's idiotic, tsundere younger brother).md"> Kana - Brother</a>
