Files/Student Info Pages/Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader).md, before:

# Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader).png" title="Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0541**

First Name: Monika

Last Name: Ashcraft

Description: From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader

Author: LowkeyHomo

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ashcraft%2C%20Monika%20(From%20DDLC%2C%20a%20sweet%20and%20charming%20leader)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).png" height="100" width="100" title="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).md"> Sayori - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader).md, after:

# Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader).png" title="Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0541**

First Name: Monika

Last Name: Ashcraft

Description: From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader

Author: LowkeyHomo

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/21/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ashcraft%2C%20Monika%20(From%20DDLC%2C%20a%20sweet%20and%20charming%20leader)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Ashcraft, Monika (From DDLC, a sweet and charming leader) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Amori, Natsuki (From DDLC, a tsundere manga fangirl).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).png" height="100" width="100" title="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Terauchi, Yuri (From DDLC, a busty, soft-spoken bookworm).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Sayuri, Sayori (From DDLC, a bubbly happy-go-lucky gal).md"> Sayori - Friend</a>
