Files/Student Info Pages/Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club).md, before:

# Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club).png" title="Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0258**

First Name: Monika

Last Name: Ashcraft

Description: President of the Literature Club

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ashcraft%2C%20Monika%20(President%20of%20the%20Literature%20Club)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).md"> Sayori - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club).md, after:

# Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club).png" title="Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0258**

First Name: Monika

Last Name: Ashcraft

Description: President of the Literature Club

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/4/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ashcraft%2C%20Monika%20(President%20of%20the%20Literature%20Club)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Ashcraft, Monika (President of the Literature Club) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Kotoku, Natsuki (A cute tsundere girl who loves to bake).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Sumitimo, Yuri (A soft-hearted, mature woman).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Sayuri, Sayori (A chipper, happy-go-lucky girl).md"> Sayori - Friend</a>
