Files/Student Info Pages/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md, before:

# Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).png" title="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0721**

First Name: Ochiyo

Last Name: Asuhara

Description: A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito

Author: Rando Studenta

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Asuhara%2C%20Ochiyo%20(A%20peculiar%20girl%20who%20is%20sometimes%20mistaken%20for%20Kaito)%20-%20Rando%20Studenta%2C%20V0.53.student">Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaito - Look-a-like</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md, after:

# Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).png" title="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0721**

First Name: Ochiyo

Last Name: Asuhara

Description: A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito

Author: Rando Studenta

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 1/4/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Asuhara%2C%20Ochiyo%20(A%20peculiar%20girl%20who%20is%20sometimes%20mistaken%20for%20Kaito)%20-%20Rando%20Studenta%2C%20V0.53.student">Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaito - Look-a-like</a>
