Files/Student Info Pages/Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters).md, before:

# Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters).png" title="Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0286**

First Name: Violet

Last Name: Brain

Description: The emotional side of the Brain sisters

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Brain%2C%20Violet%20(The%20emotional%20side%20of%20the%20Brain%20sisters)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).png" height="100" width="100" title="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).md"> Verne - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters).md, after:

# Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters).png" title="Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0286**

First Name: Violet

Last Name: Brain

Description: The emotional side of the Brain sisters

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/13/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Brain%2C%20Violet%20(The%20emotional%20side%20of%20the%20Brain%20sisters)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Brain, Violet (The emotional side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).png" height="100" width="100" title="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Brain, Verne (The intellectual side of the Brain sisters).md"> Verne - Sister</a>
