Files/Student Info Pages/Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth).md, before:

# Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth).png" title="Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth) - Camden, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0703**

First Name: Kazooie

Last Name: Breegull

Description: A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth

Author: Camden

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Breegull%2C%20Kazooie%20(A%20wisecracking%2C%20obnoxious%2C%20sassy%2C%20cheeky%2C%20tempered%2C%20egotistic%20loudmouth)%20-%20Camden%2C%20V0.53.student">Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth) - Camden, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth).md, after:

# Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth).png" title="Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth) - Camden, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0703**

First Name: Kazooie

Last Name: Breegull

Description: A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth

Author: Camden

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 7/8/2019

Created in version: V0.37

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Breegull%2C%20Kazooie%20(A%20wisecracking%2C%20obnoxious%2C%20sassy%2C%20cheeky%2C%20tempered%2C%20egotistic%20loudmouth)%20-%20Camden%2C%20V0.53.student">Breegull, Kazooie (A wisecracking, obnoxious, sassy, cheeky, tempered, egotistic loudmouth) - Camden, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
