Files/Student Info Pages/Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother).md, before:

# Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother).png" title="Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0305**

First Name: Jani

Last Name: Cummings

Description: Jenny's older, much more mature brother

Author: Cookie Boi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Cummings%2C%20Jani%20(Jenny's%20older%2C%20much%20more%20mature%20brother)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).png" height="100" width="100" title="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).md"> Jenny - Sister (unofficial)</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother).md, after:

# Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother).png" title="Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0305**

First Name: Jani

Last Name: Cummings

Description: Jenny's older, much more mature brother

Author: Cookie Boi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/19/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Cummings%2C%20Jani%20(Jenny's%20older%2C%20much%20more%20mature%20brother)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Cummings, Jani (Jenny's older, much more mature brother) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).png" height="100" width="100" title="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Cummings, Jenny (A fun and friendly pervert).md"> Jenny - Sister (unofficial)</a>
