Files/Student Info Pages/Fourth, July (A festive American girl).md, before:

# Fourth, July (A festive American girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Fourth, July (A festive American girl).png" title="Fourth, July (A festive American girl) - Syberian Inc, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0027**

First Name: July

Last Name: Fourth

Description: A festive American girl

Author: Syberian Inc

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Fourth%2C%20July%20(A%20festive%20American%20girl)%20-%20Syberian%20Inc%2C%20V0.53.student">Fourth, July (A festive American girl) - Syberian Inc, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend) - Syberian Inc, V0.53"></a><a href="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).md"> Hotaru - Girlfriend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Fourth, July (A festive American girl).md, after:

# Fourth, July (A festive American girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Fourth, July (A festive American girl).png" title="Fourth, July (A festive American girl) - Syberian Inc, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0027**

First Name: July

Last Name: Fourth

Description: A festive American girl

Author: Syberian Inc

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 6/24/2018

Created in version: V0.25

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Fourth%2C%20July%20(A%20festive%20American%20girl)%20-%20Syberian%20Inc%2C%20V0.53.student">Fourth, July (A festive American girl) - Syberian Inc, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend) - Syberian Inc, V0.53"></a><a href="Ui, Hotaru (July's festive girlfriend).md"> Hotaru - Girlfriend</a>
