Files/Student Info Pages/Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl).md, before:

# Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl).png" title="Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl) - Mira, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0641**

First Name: Luna

Last Name: Fujimori

Description: A shy and innocent goat girl

Author: Mira

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Fujimori%2C%20Luna%20(A%20shy%20and%20innocent%20goat%20girl)%20-%20Mira%2C%20V0.53.student">Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl) - Mira, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother) - Mira, V0.53"></a><a href="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).md"> Solis - Brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl).md, after:

# Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl).png" title="Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl) - Mira, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0641**

First Name: Luna

Last Name: Fujimori

Description: A shy and innocent goat girl

Author: Mira

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 3/31/2019

Created in version: V0.32

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Fujimori%2C%20Luna%20(A%20shy%20and%20innocent%20goat%20girl)%20-%20Mira%2C%20V0.53.student">Fujimori, Luna (A shy and innocent goat girl) - Mira, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother) - Mira, V0.53"></a><a href="Fujimori, Solis (Luna's caring brother).md"> Solis - Brother</a>
