Files/Student Info Pages/Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503).md, before:

# Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503).png" title="Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0385**

First Name: Ikari

Last Name: Gakusha

Description: Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Gakusha%2C%20Ikari%20(Scratch's%20assistant%2C%20helped%20create%20PR-8503)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).md"> Scratch - Senior researcher</a>

<a href="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).png" height="100" width="100" title="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).md"> Unit - Creation</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503).md, after:

# Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503).png" title="Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0385**

First Name: Ikari

Last Name: Gakusha

Description: Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/2/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Gakusha%2C%20Ikari%20(Scratch's%20assistant%2C%20helped%20create%20PR-8503)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Gakusha, Ikari (Scratch's assistant, helped create PR-8503) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Kasamatsu, Scratch (A smart student with a lisp).md"> Scratch - Senior researcher</a>

<a href="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).png" height="100" width="100" title="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="PR-8503, Unit (An AI created by Scratch to do many things).md"> Unit - Creation</a>
