Files/Student Info Pages/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md, before:

# Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).png" title="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0200**

First Name: Mozz

Last Name: Gorgonzola

Description: A generally popular guy

Author: Nutmeg

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Gorgonzola%2C%20Mozz%20(A%20generally%20popular%20guy)%20-%20Nutmeg%2C%20V0.53.student">Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).png" height="100" width="100" title="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53"></a><a href="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md"> Siggi - Distant cousin</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md, after:

# Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).png" title="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0200**

First Name: Mozz

Last Name: Gorgonzola

Description: A generally popular guy

Author: Nutmeg

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/20/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Gorgonzola%2C%20Mozz%20(A%20generally%20popular%20guy)%20-%20Nutmeg%2C%20V0.53.student">Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).png" height="100" width="100" title="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53"></a><a href="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md"> Siggi - Distant cousin</a>
