Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md, before:

# Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).png" title="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0304**

First Name: Minto

Last Name: Hideki

Description: Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister

Author: Cookie Boi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Minto%20(Pinku's%20shy%2C%20friendly%20bookworm%20sister)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Brother (unofficial)</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md, after:

# Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).png" title="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0304**

First Name: Minto

Last Name: Hideki

Description: Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister

Author: Cookie Boi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/19/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Minto%20(Pinku's%20shy%2C%20friendly%20bookworm%20sister)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Brother (unofficial)</a>
