Files/Student Info Pages/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md, before:

# Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).png" title="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0044**

First Name: Pinka

Last Name: Hideka

Description: A friendly, positive girl

Author: Hatsune

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideka%2C%20Pinka%20(A%20friendly%2C%20positive%20girl)%20-%20Hatsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Original character</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md, after:

# Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).png" title="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0044**

First Name: Pinka

Last Name: Hideka

Description: A friendly, positive girl

Author: Hatsune

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 7/14/2018

Created in version: V0.26

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideka%2C%20Pinka%20(A%20friendly%2C%20positive%20girl)%20-%20Hatsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Original character</a>
