Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md, before:

# Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).png" title="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0743**

First Name: Stinku

Last Name: Hideki

Description: A sassy perverted son on a bitch

Author: Emily

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Stinku%20(A%20sassy%20perverted%20son%20on%20a%20bitch)%20-%20Emily%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Opposite variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md, after:

# Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).png" title="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0743**

First Name: Stinku

Last Name: Hideki

Description: A sassy perverted son on a bitch

Author: Emily

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 2/26/2020

Created in version: V0.49

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Stinku%20(A%20sassy%20perverted%20son%20on%20a%20bitch)%20-%20Emily%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Opposite variant</a>
