Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md, before:

# Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0005**

First Name: Pinku

Last Name: Hideki

Description: A friendly positive guy

Author: YamiToast

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Pinku%20(A%20friendly%20positive%20guy)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md"> Minto - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md"> Hajime - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md"> Pinka - Female variant</a>

<a href="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md"> Stinku - Opposite variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md, after:

# Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0005**

First Name: Pinku

Last Name: Hideki

Description: A friendly positive guy

Author: YamiToast

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 3/20/2018

Created in version: V0.22

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hideki%2C%20Pinku%20(A%20friendly%20positive%20guy)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Minto (Pinku's shy, friendly bookworm sister).md"> Minto - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md"> Hajime - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl) - Hatsune, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideka, Pinka (A friendly, positive girl).md"> Pinka - Female variant</a>

<a href="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch) - Emily, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Stinku (A sassy perverted son on a bitch).md"> Stinku - Opposite variant</a>
