Files/Student Info Pages/Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins).md, before:

# Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins).png" title="Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0707**

First Name: Yoshihiro

Last Name: Hisakawa

Description: The younger half of the Hisakawa twins

Author: Midnight Kitsune

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hisakawa%2C%20Yoshihiro%20(The%20younger%20half%20of%20the%20Hisakawa%20twins)%20-%20Midnight%20Kitsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53"></a><a href="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).md"> Tomohiro - Twin brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins).md, after:

# Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins).png" title="Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0707**

First Name: Yoshihiro

Last Name: Hisakawa

Description: The younger half of the Hisakawa twins

Author: Midnight Kitsune

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/31/2019

Created in version: V0.39

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Hisakawa%2C%20Yoshihiro%20(The%20younger%20half%20of%20the%20Hisakawa%20twins)%20-%20Midnight%20Kitsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Hisakawa, Yoshihiro (The younger half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53"></a><a href="Hisakawa, Tomohiro (The older half of the Hisakawa twins).md"> Tomohiro - Twin brother</a>
