Files/Student Info Pages/Imai, Evie (Evie in another form).md, before:

# Imai, Evie (Evie in another form)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Imai, Evie (Evie in another form).png" title="Imai, Evie (Evie in another form) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0571**

First Name: Evie

Last Name: Imai

Description: Evie in another form

Author: Galaxy gurl

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Imai%2C%20Evie%20(Evie%20in%20another%20form)%20-%20Galaxy%20gurl%2C%20V0.53.student">Imai, Evie (Evie in another form) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).png" height="100" width="100" title="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53"></a><a href="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).md"> Evie - Alternate variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Imai, Evie (Evie in another form).md, after:

# Imai, Evie (Evie in another form)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Imai, Evie (Evie in another form).png" title="Imai, Evie (Evie in another form) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0571**

First Name: Evie

Last Name: Imai

Description: Evie in another form

Author: Galaxy gurl

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/20/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Imai%2C%20Evie%20(Evie%20in%20another%20form)%20-%20Galaxy%20gurl%2C%20V0.53.student">Imai, Evie (Evie in another form) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).png" height="100" width="100" title="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything) - Galaxy gurl, V0.53"></a><a href="Imai, Evie (A pervy girl that loves everything).md"> Evie - Alternate variant</a>
