Files/Student Info Pages/Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female).md, before:

# Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female).png" title="Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0259**

First Name: Hexu(Female)

Last Name: Ina

Description: Hexu as a female

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ina%2C%20Hexu(Female)%20(Hexu%20as%20a%20female)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).md"> Hexu(Futa) - Futa variant</a>

<a href="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).md"> Hexu(Male) - Male variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female).md, after:

# Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female).png" title="Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0259**

First Name: Hexu(Female)

Last Name: Ina

Description: Hexu as a female

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/4/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ina%2C%20Hexu(Female)%20(Hexu%20as%20a%20female)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Ina, Hexu(Female) (Hexu as a female) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Ina, Hexu(Futa) (Hexu as a futa).md"> Hexu(Futa) - Futa variant</a>

<a href="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Ina, Hexu(Male) (Hexu as a male).md"> Hexu(Male) - Male variant</a>
