Files/Student Info Pages/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md, before:

# Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).png" title="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0023**

First Name: Kamiko

Last Name: Karubo

Description: A lazy Arisu cosplayer

Author: Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Karubo%2C%20Kamiko%20(A%20lazy%20Arisu%20cosplayer)%20-%20Syberian%20Inc%20and%20Arbiter1223%2C%20V0.53.student">Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Cosplay subject (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister) - AjTheYandere and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"> Yumiko - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md, after:

# Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).png" title="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0023**

First Name: Kamiko

Last Name: Karubo

Description: A lazy Arisu cosplayer

Author: Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 6/14/2018

Created in version: V0.25

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Karubo%2C%20Kamiko%20(A%20lazy%20Arisu%20cosplayer)%20-%20Syberian%20Inc%20and%20Arbiter1223%2C%20V0.53.student">Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Cosplay subject (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister) - AjTheYandere and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"> Yumiko - Sister</a>
