Files/Student Info Pages/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md, before:

# Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).png" title="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0742**

First Name: Bibi

Last Name: Kasasagi

Description: A magpie who loves sparkly things

Author: Grandma Kipali

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kasasagi%2C%20Bibi%20(A%20magpie%20who%20loves%20sparkly%20things)%20-%20Grandma%20Kipali%2C%20V0.53.student">Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).png" height="100" width="100" title="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53"></a><a href="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md"> Kao - Cousin</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md, after:

# Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).png" title="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0742**

First Name: Bibi

Last Name: Kasasagi

Description: A magpie who loves sparkly things

Author: Grandma Kipali

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 2/26/2020

Created in version: V0.49

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kasasagi%2C%20Bibi%20(A%20magpie%20who%20loves%20sparkly%20things)%20-%20Grandma%20Kipali%2C%20V0.53.student">Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).png" height="100" width="100" title="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53"></a><a href="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md"> Kao - Cousin</a>
