Files/Student Info Pages/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md, before:

# Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).png" title="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0501**

First Name: Nanami

Last Name: Kashiwagi

Description: Kimiko's masochistic best friend

Author: CookieBoi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kashiwagi%2C%20Nanami%20(Kimiko's%20masochistic%20best%20friend)%20-%20CookieBoi%2C%20V0.53.student">Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).png" height="100" width="100" title="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53"></a><a href="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md"> Kimiko - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md, after:

# Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).png" title="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0501**

First Name: Nanami

Last Name: Kashiwagi

Description: Kimiko's masochistic best friend

Author: CookieBoi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/11/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kashiwagi%2C%20Nanami%20(Kimiko's%20masochistic%20best%20friend)%20-%20CookieBoi%2C%20V0.53.student">Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).png" height="100" width="100" title="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53"></a><a href="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md"> Kimiko - Best friend</a>
