Files/Student Info Pages/Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything).md, before:

# Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything).png" title="Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0717**

First Name: Oryaku

Last Name: Kogekitaro

Description: A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything

Author: yogima

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kogekitaro%2C%20Oryaku%20(A%20weird%2C%20antisocial%20guy%20who%20always%20thinks%20negatively%20about%20everything)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything).md, after:

# Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything).png" title="Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0717**

First Name: Oryaku

Last Name: Kogekitaro

Description: A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything

Author: yogima

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 1/4/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kogekitaro%2C%20Oryaku%20(A%20weird%2C%20antisocial%20guy%20who%20always%20thinks%20negatively%20about%20everything)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Kogekitaro, Oryaku (A weird, antisocial guy who always thinks negatively about everything) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
