Files/Student Info Pages/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md, before:

# Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).png" title="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0324**

First Name: Megan

Last Name: Kubota

Description: Jasmine's tsundere best friend

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kubota%2C%20Megan%20(Jasmine's%20tsundere%20best%20friend)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).png" height="100" width="100" title="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md"> Jasmine - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md, after:

# Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).png" title="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0324**

First Name: Megan

Last Name: Kubota

Description: Jasmine's tsundere best friend

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 10/3/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kubota%2C%20Megan%20(Jasmine's%20tsundere%20best%20friend)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).png" height="100" width="100" title="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md"> Jasmine - Best friend</a>
