Files/Student Info Pages/Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult).md, before:

# Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult).png" title="Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0010**

First Name: Tsukiya

Last Name: Kurosawa

Description: A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult

Author: Midnight Kitsune

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kurosawa%2C%20Tsukiya%20(A%20quiet%20student%20from%20Osaka%20who%20has%20a%20macabre%20fascination%20with%20the%20occult)%20-%20Midnight%20Kitsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult).md, after:

# Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult).png" title="Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0010**

First Name: Tsukiya

Last Name: Kurosawa

Description: A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult

Author: Midnight Kitsune

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 6/5/2018

Created in version: V0.25

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Kurosawa%2C%20Tsukiya%20(A%20quiet%20student%20from%20Osaka%20who%20has%20a%20macabre%20fascination%20with%20the%20occult)%20-%20Midnight%20Kitsune%2C%20V0.53.student">Kurosawa, Tsukiya (A quiet student from Osaka who has a macabre fascination with the occult) - Midnight Kitsune, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
