Files/Student Info Pages/Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister).md, before:

# Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister).png" title="Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0303**

First Name: Maieo

Last Name: Maki

Description: Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister

Author: Cookie Boi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Maki%2C%20Maieo%20(Mayo's%20polite%2C%20confident%20gamer%20sister)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).png" height="100" width="100" title="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).md"> Mayo - Sister (unofficial)</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister).md, after:

# Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister).png" title="Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0303**

First Name: Maieo

Last Name: Maki

Description: Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister

Author: Cookie Boi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/19/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Maki%2C%20Maieo%20(Mayo's%20polite%2C%20confident%20gamer%20sister)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Maki, Maieo (Mayo's polite, confident gamer sister) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).png" height="100" width="100" title="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Maki, Mayo (A kuudere with ram-horns).md"> Mayo - Sister (unofficial)</a>
