Files/Student Info Pages/Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis).md, before:

# Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis).png" title="Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0732**

First Name: Koriko

Last Name: Mari

Description: A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis

Author: screaming kiwi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Mari%2C%20Koriko%20(A%20kind%20baby%20that%20loves%20to%20stare%20at%20words%20while%20having%20an%20existential%20crisis)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis).md, after:

# Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis).png" title="Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0732**

First Name: Koriko

Last Name: Mari

Description: A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis

Author: screaming kiwi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 1/18/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Mari%2C%20Koriko%20(A%20kind%20baby%20that%20loves%20to%20stare%20at%20words%20while%20having%20an%20existential%20crisis)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Mari, Koriko (A kind baby that loves to stare at words while having an existential crisis) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
