Files/Student Info Pages/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md, before:

# Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).png" title="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0323**

First Name: Jasmine

Last Name: Masuda

Description: A judgemental, pervy lesbian

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Masuda%2C%20Jasmine%20(A%20judgemental%2C%20pervy%20lesbian)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md"> Megan - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).md, after:

# Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian).png" title="Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0323**

First Name: Jasmine

Last Name: Masuda

Description: A judgemental, pervy lesbian

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/30/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Masuda%2C%20Jasmine%20(A%20judgemental%2C%20pervy%20lesbian)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Masuda, Jasmine (A judgemental, pervy lesbian) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Kubota, Megan (Jasmine's tsundere best friend).md"> Megan - Best friend</a>
