Files/Student Info Pages/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md, before:

# Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).png" title="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0338**

First Name: AltKuninobu

Last Name: Mazaki

Description: An alternate version of Kuninobu

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Mazaki%2C%20AltKuninobu%20(An%20alternate%20version%20of%20Kuninobu)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).png" height="100" width="100" title="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md"> Kuninobu - Alternate variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md, after:

# Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).png" title="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0338**

First Name: AltKuninobu

Last Name: Mazaki

Description: An alternate version of Kuninobu

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 10/6/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Mazaki%2C%20AltKuninobu%20(An%20alternate%20version%20of%20Kuninobu)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).png" height="100" width="100" title="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md"> Kuninobu - Alternate variant</a>
