Files/Student Info Pages/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md, before:

# Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).png" title="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0203**

First Name: Kuninobu

Last Name: Miwa

Description: An arrogant trap who talks down on people

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Miwa%2C%20Kuninobu%20(An%20arrogant%20trap%20who%20talks%20down%20on%20people)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).png" height="100" width="100" title="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md"> AltKuninobu - Alternate variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).md, after:

# Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people).png" title="Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0203**

First Name: Kuninobu

Last Name: Miwa

Description: An arrogant trap who talks down on people

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/20/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Miwa%2C%20Kuninobu%20(An%20arrogant%20trap%20who%20talks%20down%20on%20people)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Miwa, Kuninobu (An arrogant trap who talks down on people) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).png" height="100" width="100" title="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Mazaki, AltKuninobu (An alternate version of Kuninobu).md"> AltKuninobu - Alternate variant</a>
