Files/Student Info Pages/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md, before:

# Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).png" title="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0105**

First Name: Axei

Last Name: Moto

Description: A heartless yandere

Author: BenPupKao

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Moto%2C%20Axei%20(A%20heartless%20yandere)%20-%20BenPupKao%2C%20V0.53.student">Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md"> Pasta - Brother</a>

<a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"> Hattie - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md, after:

# Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).png" title="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0105**

First Name: Axei

Last Name: Moto

Description: A heartless yandere

Author: BenPupKao

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/13/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Moto%2C%20Axei%20(A%20heartless%20yandere)%20-%20BenPupKao%2C%20V0.53.student">Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md"> Pasta - Brother</a>

<a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"> Hattie - Sister</a>
