Files/Student Info Pages/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md, before:

# Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).png" title="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0507**

First Name: Pasta

Last Name: Moto

Description: Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother

Author: BenPupKao

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Moto%2C%20Pasta%20(Axei's%20antisocial%20lesser-known%20little%20brother)%20-%20BenPupKao%2C%20V0.53.student">Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md"> Axei - Brother</a>

<a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"> Hattie - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).md, after:

# Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother).png" title="Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0507**

First Name: Pasta

Last Name: Moto

Description: Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother

Author: BenPupKao

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/15/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Moto%2C%20Pasta%20(Axei's%20antisocial%20lesser-known%20little%20brother)%20-%20BenPupKao%2C%20V0.53.student">Moto, Pasta (Axei's antisocial lesser-known little brother) - BenPupKao, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Axei (A heartless yandere).md"> Axei - Brother</a>

<a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister) - BenPupKao, V0.53"></a><a href="Moto, Hattie (Axei and Pasta's kind older sister).md"> Hattie - Sister</a>
