Files/Student Info Pages/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md, before:

# Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).png" title="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0679**

First Name: Kyutsi

Last Name: Murasakino

Description: A girl who loves the color pink

Author: screaming kiwi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Murasakino%2C%20Kyutsi%20(A%20girl%20who%20loves%20the%20color%20pink)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).png" height="100" width="100" title="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53"></a><a href="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md"> Kosai - Brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md, after:

# Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).png" title="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0679**

First Name: Kyutsi

Last Name: Murasakino

Description: A girl who loves the color pink

Author: screaming kiwi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 4/22/2019

Created in version: V0.33

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Murasakino%2C%20Kyutsi%20(A%20girl%20who%20loves%20the%20color%20pink)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).png" height="100" width="100" title="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53"></a><a href="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md"> Kosai - Brother</a>
