Files/Student Info Pages/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md, before:

# Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).png" title="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0731**

First Name: Kosai

Last Name: Murasakino

Description: A guy who loves to tell stories

Author: screaming kiwi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Murasakino%2C%20Kosai%20(A%20guy%20who%20loves%20to%20tell%20stories)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).png" height="100" width="100" title="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53"></a><a href="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md"> Kyutsi - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).md, after:

# Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories).png" title="Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0731**

First Name: Kosai

Last Name: Murasakino

Description: A guy who loves to tell stories

Author: screaming kiwi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 1/12/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Murasakino%2C%20Kosai%20(A%20guy%20who%20loves%20to%20tell%20stories)%20-%20screaming%20kiwi%2C%20V0.53.student">Murasakino, Kosai (A guy who loves to tell stories) - screaming kiwi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).png" height="100" width="100" title="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink) - screaming kiwi, V0.53"></a><a href="Murasakino, Kyutsi (A girl who loves the color pink).md"> Kyutsi - Sister</a>
