Files/Student Info Pages/Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend).md, before:

# Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend).png" title="Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0554**

First Name: Kiwi

Last Name: Nogushi

Description: Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend

Author: Chi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Nogushi%2C%20Kiwi%20(Strawberry's%20tsundere%20yet%20sweet%20girlfriend)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).md"> Strawberry - Boyfriend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend).md, after:

# Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend).png" title="Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0554**

First Name: Kiwi

Last Name: Nogushi

Description: Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend

Author: Chi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/26/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Nogushi%2C%20Kiwi%20(Strawberry's%20tsundere%20yet%20sweet%20girlfriend)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">Nogushi, Kiwi (Strawberry's tsundere yet sweet girlfriend) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="Urogataya, Strawberry (Kiwi's kuudere yet sweet boyfriend).md"> Strawberry - Boyfriend</a>
