Files/Student Info Pages/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md, before:

# Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).png" title="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0682**

First Name: Kaita

Last Name: Oshiro

Description: A female athletic book-loving masochist

Author: Camden

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Oshiro%2C%20Kaita%20(A%20female%20athletic%20book-loving%20masochist)%20-%20Camden%2C%20V0.53.student">Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaito - Original character</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md, after:

# Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).png" title="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0682**

First Name: Kaita

Last Name: Oshiro

Description: A female athletic book-loving masochist

Author: Camden

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 5/12/2019

Created in version: V0.33

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Oshiro%2C%20Kaita%20(A%20female%20athletic%20book-loving%20masochist)%20-%20Camden%2C%20V0.53.student">Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaito - Original character</a>
