Files/Student Info Pages/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md, before:

# Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0006**

First Name: Kaito

Last Name: Oshiro

Description: An athletic book-loving masochist

Author: YamiToast

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Oshiro%2C%20Kaito%20(An%20athletic%20book-loving%20masochist)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).png" height="100" width="100" title="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53"></a><a href="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md"> Ochiyo - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaita - Female variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).md, after:

# Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist).png" title="Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0006**

First Name: Kaito

Last Name: Oshiro

Description: An athletic book-loving masochist

Author: YamiToast

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/8/2018

Created in version: V0.26

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Oshiro%2C%20Kaito%20(An%20athletic%20book-loving%20masochist)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Oshiro, Kaito (An athletic book-loving masochist) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).png" height="100" width="100" title="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito) - Rando Studenta, V0.53"></a><a href="Asuhara, Ochiyo (A peculiar girl who is sometimes mistaken for Kaito).md"> Ochiyo - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).png" height="100" width="100" title="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist) - Camden, V0.53"></a><a href="Oshiro, Kaita (A female athletic book-loving masochist).md"> Kaita - Female variant</a>
