Files/Student Info Pages/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md, before:

# OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).png" title="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0553**

First Name: QwQ

Last Name: OwO

Description: UwU's judgemental but friendly brother

Author: Chi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/OwO%2C%20QwQ%20(UwU's%20judgemental%20but%20friendly%20brother)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).png" height="100" width="100" title="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md"> UwU - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md, after:

# OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).png" title="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0553**

First Name: QwQ

Last Name: OwO

Description: UwU's judgemental but friendly brother

Author: Chi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/24/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/OwO%2C%20QwQ%20(UwU's%20judgemental%20but%20friendly%20brother)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).png" height="100" width="100" title="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md"> UwU - Sister</a>
