Files/Student Info Pages/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md, before:

# OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).png" title="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0551**

First Name: UwU

Last Name: OwO

Description: A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy

Author: Chi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/OwO%2C%20UwU%20(A%20cute%20girl%20who%20isn't%20afraid%20to%20get%20pervy)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md"> QwQ - Brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).md, after:

# OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy).png" title="OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0551**

First Name: UwU

Last Name: OwO

Description: A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy

Author: Chi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/22/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/OwO%2C%20UwU%20(A%20cute%20girl%20who%20isn't%20afraid%20to%20get%20pervy)%20-%20Chi%2C%20V0.53.student">OwO, UwU (A cute girl who isn't afraid to get pervy) - Chi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother) - Chi, V0.53"></a><a href="OwO, QwQ (UwU's judgemental but friendly brother).md"> QwQ - Brother</a>
