Files/Student Info Pages/Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people).md, before:

# Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people).png" title="Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0716**

First Name: Nakana

Last Name: Rona

Description: A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people

Author: yogima

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Rona%2C%20Nakana%20(A%20popular%20athletic%20girl%20who%20is%20slightly%20judgemental%20towards%20lazy%20people)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people).md, after:

# Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people).png" title="Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0716**

First Name: Nakana

Last Name: Rona

Description: A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people

Author: yogima

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 1/4/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Rona%2C%20Nakana%20(A%20popular%20athletic%20girl%20who%20is%20slightly%20judgemental%20towards%20lazy%20people)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Rona, Nakana (A popular athletic girl who is slightly judgemental towards lazy people) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
