Files/Student Info Pages/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md, before:

# Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).png" title="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0297**

First Name: Hajime

Last Name: Saionji

Description: A crappy Pinku look-a-like

Author: Cookie Boi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saionji%2C%20Hajime%20(A%20crappy%20Pinku%20look-a-like)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Look-a-like</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).md, after:

# Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like).png" title="Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0297**

First Name: Hajime

Last Name: Saionji

Description: A crappy Pinku look-a-like

Author: Cookie Boi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/18/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saionji%2C%20Hajime%20(A%20crappy%20Pinku%20look-a-like)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Saionji, Hajime (A crappy Pinku look-a-like) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Hideki, Pinku (A friendly positive guy).md"> Pinku - Look-a-like</a>
