Files/Student Info Pages/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md, before:

# Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).png" title="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0266**

First Name: Michio

Last Name: Saitoh

Description: An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saitoh%2C%20Michio%20(An%20athletic%20anime%20fan%2C%20Murasaki's%20twin%20brother)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"> Murasaki - Twin brother</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md, after:

# Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).png" title="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0266**

First Name: Michio

Last Name: Saitoh

Description: An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/5/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saitoh%2C%20Michio%20(An%20athletic%20anime%20fan%2C%20Murasaki's%20twin%20brother)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"> Murasaki - Twin brother</a>
