Files/Student Info Pages/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md, before:

# Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0265**

First Name: Murasaki

Last Name: Saitoh

Description: Michio's athletic occultist twin

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saitoh%2C%20Murasaki%20(Michio's%20athletic%20occultist%20twin)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md"> Michio - Twin brother</a>

<a href="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).md"> Michi - Cousin</a>

<a href="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md"> Manami - Childhood friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md, after:

# Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0265**

First Name: Murasaki

Last Name: Saitoh

Description: Michio's athletic occultist twin

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/5/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Saitoh%2C%20Murasaki%20(Michio's%20athletic%20occultist%20twin)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Michio (An athletic anime fan, Murasaki's twin brother).md"> Michio - Twin brother</a>

<a href="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Michi (A gaming schoolworm, Michio's cousin).md"> Michi - Cousin</a>

<a href="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md"> Manami - Childhood friend</a>
