Files/Student Info Pages/Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)).md, before:

# Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student))

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)).png" title="Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)) - chalk_girl, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0713**

First Name: Satu

Last Name: Sakakibara

Description: A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)

Author: chalk_girl

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sakakibara%2C%20Satu%20(A%20shy%20girl%20with%20very%20colorful%20stockings%20(AKA%20the%20Multivitamin%20Student))%20-%20chalk_girl%2C%20V0.53.student">Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)) - chalk_girl, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)).md, after:

# Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student))

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)).png" title="Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)) - chalk_girl, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0713**

First Name: Satu

Last Name: Sakakibara

Description: A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)

Author: chalk_girl

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/5/2019

Created in version: V0.43

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sakakibara%2C%20Satu%20(A%20shy%20girl%20with%20very%20colorful%20stockings%20(AKA%20the%20Multivitamin%20Student))%20-%20chalk_girl%2C%20V0.53.student">Sakakibara, Satu (A shy girl with very colorful stockings (AKA the Multivitamin Student)) - chalk_girl, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
