Files/Student Info Pages/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md, before:

# Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).png" title="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0283**

First Name: Suiren

Last Name: Sakura

Description: An extremely bullied girl

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sakura%2C%20Suiren%20(An%20extremely%20bullied%20girl)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).png" height="100" width="100" title="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md"> Suiren - Zombie variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md, after:

# Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).png" title="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0283**

First Name: Suiren

Last Name: Sakura

Description: An extremely bullied girl

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/10/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sakura%2C%20Suiren%20(An%20extremely%20bullied%20girl)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).png" height="100" width="100" title="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md"> Suiren - Zombie variant</a>
