Files/Student Info Pages/Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl).md, before:

# Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl).png" title="Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0650**

First Name: Butter

Last Name: Sammich

Description: The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sammich%2C%20Butter%20(The%20youngest%20of%20the%20Sammich%20sisters%2C%20a%20very%20boring%20girl)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).md"> Jellie - Sister</a>

<a href="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).md"> Peanut - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl).md, after:

# Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl).png" title="Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0650**

First Name: Butter

Last Name: Sammich

Description: The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 4/5/2019

Created in version: V0.33

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sammich%2C%20Butter%20(The%20youngest%20of%20the%20Sammich%20sisters%2C%20a%20very%20boring%20girl)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Sammich, Butter (The youngest of the Sammich sisters, a very boring girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sammich, Jellie (The middle child of the Sammich sisters, a very optimistic girl that likes everything).md"> Jellie - Sister</a>

<a href="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sammich, Peanut (The oldest of the Sammich sisters, a total bully).md"> Peanut - Sister</a>
