Files/Student Info Pages/Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl).md, before:

# Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl).png" title="Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl) - Kitten, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0161**

First Name: Sayori

Last Name: Sayuri

Description: A super sweet, bubbly girl

Author: Kitten

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sayuri%2C%20Sayori%20(A%20super%20sweet%2C%20bubbly%20girl)%20-%20Kitten%2C%20V0.53.student">Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl) - Kitten, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).png" height="100" width="100" title="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).png" height="100" width="100" title="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).md"> Monika - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl).md, after:

# Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl).png" title="Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl) - Kitten, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0161**

First Name: Sayori

Last Name: Sayuri

Description: A super sweet, bubbly girl

Author: Kitten

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 8/17/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Sayuri%2C%20Sayori%20(A%20super%20sweet%2C%20bubbly%20girl)%20-%20Kitten%2C%20V0.53.student">Sayuri, Sayori (A super sweet, bubbly girl) - Kitten, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).png" height="100" width="100" title="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Nakatsuka, Natsuki (A cute tsundere futanari).md"> Natsuki - Friend</a>

<a href="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).png" height="100" width="100" title="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Okajima, Yuri (A quiet, intelligent bookworm).md"> Yuri - Friend</a>

<a href="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club) - Kitten, V0.53"></a><a href="Ashcraft, Monika (A skilled pianist, president of the Literature Club).md"> Monika - Friend</a>
