Files/Student Info Pages/Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin).md, before:

# Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin).png" title="Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0299**

First Name: Kimono

Last Name: Shimaoka

Description: Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin

Author: Cookie Boi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Shimaoka%2C%20Kimono%20(Konomi's%20confident%2C%20heartless%2C%20negative%20twin)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).md"> Konomi - Twin sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin).md, after:

# Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin).png" title="Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0299**

First Name: Kimono

Last Name: Shimaoka

Description: Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin

Author: Cookie Boi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/18/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Shimaoka%2C%20Kimono%20(Konomi's%20confident%2C%20heartless%2C%20negative%20twin)%20-%20Cookie%20Boi%2C%20V0.53.student">Shimaoka, Kimono (Konomi's confident, heartless, negative twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin) - Cookie Boi, V0.53"></a><a href="Shimaoka, Konomi (Kimono's shy, kind, positive twin).md"> Konomi - Twin sister</a>
