Files/Student Info Pages/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md, before:

# Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).png" title="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0548**

First Name: Siggi

Last Name: Shima

Description: A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola

Author: Nutmeg

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Shima%2C%20Siggi%20(A%20distant%20bitchy%20cousin%20of%20Gorgonzola)%20-%20Nutmeg%2C%20V0.53.student">Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53"></a><a href="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md"> Mozz - Distant cousin</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).md, after:

# Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola).png" title="Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0548**

First Name: Siggi

Last Name: Shima

Description: A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola

Author: Nutmeg

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/21/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Shima%2C%20Siggi%20(A%20distant%20bitchy%20cousin%20of%20Gorgonzola)%20-%20Nutmeg%2C%20V0.53.student">Shima, Siggi (A distant bitchy cousin of Gorgonzola) - Nutmeg, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy) - Nutmeg, V0.53"></a><a href="Gorgonzola, Mozz (A generally popular guy).md"> Mozz - Distant cousin</a>
