Files/Student Info Pages/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md, before:

# Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).png" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0545**

First Name: Spongebob

Last Name: Squarepants

Description: An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy

Author: Izzyox

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Squarepants%2C%20Spongebob%20(An%20opptimistic%20but%20somewhat%20annoying%20guy)%20-%20Izzyox%2C%20V0.53.student">Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md"> Patrick - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md, after:

# Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).png" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0545**

First Name: Spongebob

Last Name: Squarepants

Description: An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy

Author: Izzyox

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/21/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Squarepants%2C%20Spongebob%20(An%20opptimistic%20but%20somewhat%20annoying%20guy)%20-%20Izzyox%2C%20V0.53.student">Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md"> Patrick - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>
