Files/Student Info Pages/Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock).md, before:

# Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock).png" title="Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0542**

First Name: Patrick

Last Name: Star

Description: A baka who lives under a rock

Author: LowkeyHomo

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Star%2C%20Patrick%20(A%20baka%20who%20lives%20under%20a%20rock)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).png" height="100" width="100" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).md"> Spongebob - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock).md, after:

# Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock).png" title="Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0542**

First Name: Patrick

Last Name: Star

Description: A baka who lives under a rock

Author: LowkeyHomo

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/21/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Star%2C%20Patrick%20(A%20baka%20who%20lives%20under%20a%20rock)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Star, Patrick (A baka who lives under a rock) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).png" height="100" width="100" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (A very energetic and upbeat individual).md"> Spongebob - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A pessimistic clarinet player).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>
