Files/Student Info Pages/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md, before:

# Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).png" title="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0546**

First Name: Patrick

Last Name: Star

Description: Spongebob's idiotic best friend

Author: Izzyox

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Star%2C%20Patrick%20(Spongebob's%20idiotic%20best%20friend)%20-%20Izzyox%2C%20V0.53.student">Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md"> Spongebob - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).md, after:

# Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend).png" title="Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0546**

First Name: Patrick

Last Name: Star

Description: Spongebob's idiotic best friend

Author: Izzyox

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/21/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Star%2C%20Patrick%20(Spongebob's%20idiotic%20best%20friend)%20-%20Izzyox%2C%20V0.53.student">Star, Patrick (Spongebob's idiotic best friend) - Izzyox, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).png" height="100" width="100" title="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Squarepants, Spongebob (An opptimistic but somewhat annoying guy).md"> Spongebob - Best friend</a>

<a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier) - Izzyox, V0.53"></a><a href="Tentacles, Squidward (A rather mean restaurant cashier).md"> Squidward - Friend</a>
