Files/Student Info Pages/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md, before:

# Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).png" title="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0270**

First Name: Manami

Last Name: Tagawa

Description: A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tagawa%2C%20Manami%20(A%20bullied%20athlete%2C%20Murasaki's%20childhood%20friend)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).md"> Bunko - Sister</a>

<a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"> Murasaki - Childhood friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).md, after:

# Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend).png" title="Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0270**

First Name: Manami

Last Name: Tagawa

Description: A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/5/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tagawa%2C%20Manami%20(A%20bullied%20athlete%2C%20Murasaki's%20childhood%20friend)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Tagawa, Manami (A bullied athlete, Murasaki's childhood friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tagawa, Bunko (A yandere genius, Manami's older sister).md"> Bunko - Sister</a>

<a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).png" height="100" width="100" title="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Saitoh, Murasaki (Michio's athletic occultist twin).md"> Murasaki - Childhood friend</a>
