Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md, before:

# Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).png" title="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0739**

First Name: Suzuki

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister

Author: yogima

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Suzuki%20(Arisu's%20very%20kind%20and%20open-minded%20sister)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Sister (unofficial)</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md, after:

# Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).png" title="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0739**

First Name: Suzuki

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister

Author: yogima

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 2/14/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Suzuki%20(Arisu's%20very%20kind%20and%20open-minded%20sister)%20-%20yogima%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Sister (unofficial)</a>
