Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md, before:

# Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).png" title="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0325**

First Name: Ariso

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: Arisu's very negative brother

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Ariso%20(Arisu's%20very%20negative%20brother)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"> Arisa - Sister</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md, after:

# Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).png" title="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0325**

First Name: Ariso

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: Arisu's very negative brother

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 10/4/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Ariso%20(Arisu's%20very%20negative%20brother)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md"> Arisu - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"> Arisa - Sister</a>
