Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md, before:

# Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0001**

First Name: Arisu

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: A very negative bully

Author: YamiToast

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Arisu%20(A%20very%20negative%20bully)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"> Arisa - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md"> Ariso - Brother (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md"> Suzuki - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md"> Kamiko - Cosplayer (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister) - AjTheYandere and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"> Yumiko - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).md, after:

# Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully).png" title="Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0001**

First Name: Arisu

Last Name: Tenjouhime

Description: A very negative bully

Author: YamiToast

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 3/20/2018

Created in version: V0.22

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tenjouhime%2C%20Arisu%20(A%20very%20negative%20bully)%20-%20YamiToast%2C%20V0.53.student">Tenjouhime, Arisu (A very negative bully) - YamiToast, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister) - Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Arisa (Arisu's older, nicer sister).md"> Arisa - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Ariso (Arisu's very negative brother).md"> Ariso - Brother (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister) - yogima, V0.53"></a><a href="Tenjouhime, Suzuki (Arisu's very kind and open-minded sister).md"> Suzuki - Sister (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer) - Syberian Inc and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Kamiko (A lazy Arisu cosplayer).md"> Kamiko - Cosplayer (unofficial)</a>

<a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister) - AjTheYandere and Arbiter1223, V0.53"></a><a href="Karubo, Yumiko ('Wal-Mart' Arisu, Kamiko's sister).md"> Yumiko - Look-a-like (unofficial)</a>
