Files/Student Info Pages/ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz).md, before:

# ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz)

<img src="../../Files/Images/ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz).png" title="ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz) - Shiny, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0686**

First Name: Mcgee

Last Name: ThiccDick

Description: A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz

Author: Shiny

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/ThiccDick%2C%20Mcgee%20(A%20deredere%20tsundere%20yandere%20kuudere%20mean%20judgmental%20masochistic%20klutz)%20-%20Shiny%2C%20V0.53.student">ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz) - Shiny, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz).md, after:

# ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz)

<img src="../../Files/Images/ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz).png" title="ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz) - Shiny, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0686**

First Name: Mcgee

Last Name: ThiccDick

Description: A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz

Author: Shiny

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 5/21/2019

Created in version: V0.35

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/ThiccDick%2C%20Mcgee%20(A%20deredere%20tsundere%20yandere%20kuudere%20mean%20judgmental%20masochistic%20klutz)%20-%20Shiny%2C%20V0.53.student">ThiccDick, Mcgee (A deredere tsundere yandere kuudere mean judgmental masochistic klutz) - Shiny, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

-none-
