Files/Student Info Pages/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md, before:

# Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).png" title="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0741**

First Name: Kao

Last Name: Torino

Description: A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk

Author: Grandma Kipali

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Torino%2C%20Kao%20(A%20scheeming%20bridie%20whos%20is%20a%20bit%20of%20a%20jerk)%20-%20Grandma%20Kipali%2C%20V0.53.student">Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53"></a><a href="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md"> Bibi - Cousin</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).md, after:

# Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk).png" title="Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0741**

First Name: Kao

Last Name: Torino

Description: A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk

Author: Grandma Kipali

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 2/26/2020

Created in version: V0.49

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Torino%2C%20Kao%20(A%20scheeming%20bridie%20whos%20is%20a%20bit%20of%20a%20jerk)%20-%20Grandma%20Kipali%2C%20V0.53.student">Torino, Kao (A scheeming bridie whos is a bit of a jerk) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things) - Grandma Kipali, V0.53"></a><a href="Kasasagi, Bibi (A magpie who loves sparkly things).md"> Bibi - Cousin</a>
