Files/Student Info Pages/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md, before:

# Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).png" title="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0263**

First Name: Masaru

Last Name: Tsukade

Description: A yandere gamer

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tsukade%2C%20Masaru%20(A%20yandere%20gamer)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).md"> Akeno - Sister</a>

<a href="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md"> Johan - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md, after:

# Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).png" title="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0263**

First Name: Masaru

Last Name: Tsukade

Description: A yandere gamer

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/5/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tsukade%2C%20Masaru%20(A%20yandere%20gamer)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsukade, Akeno (Masaru's older, spoiled sister).md"> Akeno - Sister</a>

<a href="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md"> Johan - Best friend</a>
