Files/Student Info Pages/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!).md, before:

# Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!).png" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0514**

First Name: Natsu

Last Name: Tsurimi

Description: ...in Kwanzaa colors!

Author: LowkeyHomo

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tsurimi%2C%20Natsu%20(...in%20Kwanzaa%20colors!)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).md"> Natsu - Original character</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).md"> Natsu - April Fool's variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).md"> Natsu - Christmas variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).md"> Natsu - Easter variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).md"> Natsu - Halloween variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).md"> Natsu - Hanukkah variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).md"> Natsu - New Year's variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).md"> Natsu - Saint Patrick's Day variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).md"> Natsu - Thanksgiving variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).md"> Natsu - Valentine's Day variant</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!).md, after:

# Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!).png" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0514**

First Name: Natsu

Last Name: Tsurimi

Description: ...in Kwanzaa colors!

Author: LowkeyHomo

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/16/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Tsurimi%2C%20Natsu%20(...in%20Kwanzaa%20colors!)%20-%20LowkeyHomo%2C%20V0.53.student">Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Kwanzaa colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (A shy and friendly kuudere).md"> Natsu - Original character</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in April Fool's colors!).md"> Natsu - April Fool's variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Christmas colors!).md"> Natsu - Christmas variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Easter colors!).md"> Natsu - Easter variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Halloween colors!).md"> Natsu - Halloween variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Hanukkah colors!).md"> Natsu - Hanukkah variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in New Year's colors!).md"> Natsu - New Year's variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Saint Patrick's Day colors!).md"> Natsu - Saint Patrick's Day variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Thanksgiving colors!).md"> Natsu - Thanksgiving variant</a>

<a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!) - LowkeyHomo, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsurimi, Natsu (...in Valentine's Day colors!).md"> Natsu - Valentine's Day variant</a>
