Files/Student Info Pages/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md, before:

# Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).png" title="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0500**

First Name: Kimiko

Last Name: Umari

Description: A confident futanari who hates school

Author: CookieBoi

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Umari%2C%20Kimiko%20(A%20confident%20futanari%20who%20hates%20school)%20-%20CookieBoi%2C%20V0.53.student">Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53"></a><a href="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md"> Nanami - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).md, after:

# Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school).png" title="Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0500**

First Name: Kimiko

Last Name: Umari

Description: A confident futanari who hates school

Author: CookieBoi

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 11/11/2018

Created in version: V0.28

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Umari%2C%20Kimiko%20(A%20confident%20futanari%20who%20hates%20school)%20-%20CookieBoi%2C%20V0.53.student">Umari, Kimiko (A confident futanari who hates school) - CookieBoi, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).png" height="100" width="100" title="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend) - CookieBoi, V0.53"></a><a href="Kashiwagi, Nanami (Kimiko's masochistic best friend).md"> Nanami - Best friend</a>
