Files/Student Info Pages/Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side).md, before:

# Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side).png" title="Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0247**

First Name: Evil Aoki

Last Name: Yamazaki

Description: Aoki's darkner, evil side

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Yamazaki%2C%20Evil%20Aoki%20(Aoki's%20darkner%2C%20evil%20side)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).md"> Aoki - Good side</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side).md, after:

# Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side).png" title="Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0247**

First Name: Evil Aoki

Last Name: Yamazaki

Description: Aoki's darkner, evil side

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/2/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Yamazaki%2C%20Evil%20Aoki%20(Aoki's%20darkner%2C%20evil%20side)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Yamazaki, Evil Aoki (Aoki's darkner, evil side) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Yamazaki, Aoki (A bubbly, optimistic girl).md"> Aoki - Good side</a>
