Files/Student Info Pages/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md, before:

# Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).png" title="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0264**

First Name: Johan

Last Name: Yasuda

Description: Masaru's boring best friend

Author: Aho-chan

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Yasuda%2C%20Johan%20(Masaru's%20boring%20best%20friend)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md"> Masaru - Best friend</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).md, after:

# Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend).png" title="Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0264**

First Name: Johan

Last Name: Yasuda

Description: Masaru's boring best friend

Author: Aho-chan

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 9/5/2018

Created in version: V0.27

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Yasuda%2C%20Johan%20(Masaru's%20boring%20best%20friend)%20-%20Aho-chan%2C%20V0.53.student">Yasuda, Johan (Masaru's boring best friend) - Aho-chan, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).png" height="100" width="100" title="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer) - Aho-chan, V0.53"></a><a href="Tsukade, Masaru (A yandere gamer).md"> Masaru - Best friend</a>
