Files/Student Info Pages/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md, before:

# Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).png" title="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0664**

First Name: Suiren

Last Name: Zombie

Description: A zombie version of Suiren

Author: AjTheYandere

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Zombie%2C%20Suiren%20(A%20zombie%20version%20of%20Suiren)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md"> Suiren - Original character</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).md, after:

# Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren).png" title="Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0664**

First Name: Suiren

Last Name: Zombie

Description: A zombie version of Suiren

Author: AjTheYandere

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 4/12/2019

Created in version: V0.33

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Zombie%2C%20Suiren%20(A%20zombie%20version%20of%20Suiren)%20-%20AjTheYandere%2C%20V0.53.student">Zombie, Suiren (A zombie version of Suiren) - AjTheYandere, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).png" height="100" width="100" title="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl) - AjTheYandere, V0.53"></a><a href="Sakura, Suiren (An extremely bullied girl).md"> Suiren - Original character</a>
