Files/Student Info Pages/Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog).md, before:

# Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog).png" title="Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog) - Snack, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0736**

First Name: Shiva

Last Name: Ивановић

Description: Snack's first dog

Author: Snack

Version: V0.53

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ивановић%2C%20Shiva%20(Snack's%20first%20dog)%20-%20Snack%2C%20V0.53.student">Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog) - Snack, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert) - Snack, V0.53"></a><a href="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).md"> Михајло - Owner</a>

Commit message:

+Added "DateAdded" and "VersionAdded" to student lines and student info pages

Files/Student Info Pages/Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog).md, after:

# Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog)

<img src="../../Files/Images/Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog).png" title="Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog) - Snack, V0.53">

**Database ID: #0736**

First Name: Shiva

Last Name: Ивановић

Description: Snack's first dog

Author: Snack

Compatable Game Version: V0.53

Date added to database: 2/8/2020

Created in version: V0.47

Download link: <a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Arbiter1223/Daigaku-Gurashi-Custom-Students/master/Files/Student%20Files/Ивановић%2C%20Shiva%20(Snack's%20first%20dog)%20-%20Snack%2C%20V0.53.student">Ивановић, Shiva (Snack's first dog) - Snack, V0.53.student</a>

### ---**To download, _right-click_ the link, and select _"Save as"_**---

### Related Students

<a href="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).md"><img src="../../Files/Thumbs/Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).png" height="100" width="100" title="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert) - Snack, V0.53"></a><a href="Ивановић, Михајло (Snack's self insert).md"> Михајло - Owner</a>
